selecting the right school is the best
gift you can give your child welcome to
Universal a singular endeavor is to
prepare children that are creative
confident and articulate children that
are prepared to meet the challenges of
the world's best colleges and
universities our goal is to prepare and
inspire our learners for a positive
future we know that as parents you care
about your child more than anyone but we
believe we come in a close second
Universal offers a postmodern robust
green and safe environment for your
child comfortable spacious classrooms
white corridor staircases and elibrary
burgeoning with books well-equipped
modern science labs and a distinctively
RIA makes our fully air-conditioned
building a true temple of learning the
reversal is an all Apple one is to one
school with an age-appropriate Apple
computer that could be an iPod and iPad
a MacBook for each learner our
relationships with technology
powerhouses such as Apple Google and
espresso allow us to make technology a
way of life at Universal we strongly
believe that all students can learn as a
result of this fundamental belief we
embrace the high accountability levels
to which we are held by our parents and
learner's therefore we set our
expectations high and because we are
driven by high expectations and
accountability our results speak for
themselves our qualified and dedicated
teaching staff are assisted by a caring
unqualified support staff our teachers
go beyond just teaching the mind they
model and inculcate values such as
respect responsibility integrity and
service small class sizes with a
teacher-student ratio of 1 to 15 and the
creation of an individual learning plan
means that each learner receives more
personal attention from their teachers
specialists experts work with owners
individually and provide them with
academic artistic and athletic
opportunities learning at Universal is
fun
it's about spirited laughter genuine
smiles and curious minds thanks to a
dynamic curriculum a rich co-curricular
program and resilience building student
care program learning at Universal
extends well beyond the classroom at
Universal no two days are ever the same
nor the two learners experience is
exactly identical as a reputed chain of
institutions with more than four decades
of experience and over 25,000 students
Universal truly makes a difference for
every learner by bringing in
professionalism and specialization in
everything from teacher training to
curriculum development from admissions
to technology from learner well-being to
infrastructure development and
everything else in between Universal
thrives on its culturally diverse
international community and offers
classes from preschool to secondary
school we're recognized for our
dedication to academic rigor and for our
vigorous activity programs in sports
arts and cultural learning all these are
provided in a nurturing educational
community which values global
citizenship anchored in Indian values